Add note to docs for enabling helm and kots install with private registries (#1051)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/helm-image-registry.md

      Helm Install installations ignore this static value, and instead use the `proxy.replicated.com` URL that you added to the `values.yaml` file in a previous step.

   :::note

>    Setting this annotation to have a URL with the proxy prefix in the `values.yaml` file and without in the `HelmChart` enables the same manifest to be used for both Helm CLI and KOTS install methods. If installing with KOTS, the URL from the `HelmChart` will be used and KOTS will prefix the proxy to the URL, but if installing with the Helm CLI, the URL from the `values.yaml` file will be used unmodified.

Reviewer: Couple of small suggestions
```suggestion
   Setting this field to a URL with the proxy prefix in the `values.yaml` file and without in the `HelmChart` custom resource enables the same release to be used for both Helm CLI and KOTS install methods. If installing with KOTS, the URL from the `HelmChart` custom resource will be used and KOTS will prefix the proxy to the URL, but if installing with the Helm CLI, the URL from the `values.yaml` file will be used unmodified.
```
